README.md, before:

### Tech blogs

[Terms and Concepts by Technically](https://airtable.com/shrGh8BqZbkfkbrfk/tbluZ3ayLHC3CKsDb)

[How To Become a Data Engineer?](https://khashtamov.com/en/how-to-become-a-data-engineer/)

News

 1. [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/news)
 
Startup
  1. [How to find an idea ?](https://www.defmacro.org/2015/02/25/startup-ideas.html)
  2. [Free resources to promote your next startup](https://github.com/trekhleb/promote-your-next-startup)
 
 Developers [Networking](https://www.samjulien.com/shy-dev-networking) guide
 
Interview
1. [Tech Interview Handbook](https://techinterviewhandbook.org/algorithms/algorithms-introduction/)

Programming
1. [Top coder tutorial](https://www.topcoder.com/community/competitive-programming/tutorials/)
2. [Topcoder](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.topcoder.com/challenges&sa=D&source=hangouts&ust=1572751417019000&usg=AFQjCNHlwVNTJVB4j3oj4KgRLBeaOj8n5A)
3. [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/)
4. [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/)
5. [Kattis](https://open.kattis.com/problems)
6. [GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/fundamentals-of-algorithms/)
7. [Online J](https://onlinejudge.org/)



Architecture
1.  [Knuth](https://www-cs-faculty.stanford.edu/~knuth/musings.html)
2. [Facebook Engineering](https://engineering.fb.com/)


Software Documentation
1. [Living Documentation: Continuous Knowledge Sharing by Design](https://www.amazon.com/Living-Documentation-Cyrille-Martraire/dp/0134689321)


Distributed System

 1. [All Things Distributed](https://www.allthingsdistributed.com/)
 2. [High Scalability](http://highscalability.com/)

Data Science 
1. [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/)
2. [KDnuggets™](https://www.kdnuggets.com/)

Scala
																														
 1. [Scala data structure performance](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.scala-lang.org/overviews/collections/performance-characteristics.html&sa=D&source=hangouts&ust=1572751417020000&usg=AFQjCNE2Ae3R8Jlt3ZcrqUeKV5mAGIb70A)
 2. [This week in #Scala](https://medium.com/disney-streaming/this-week-in-scala-oct-28-2019-17b680d52884?source=collection_home---4------0-----------------------)
 3. [Scala Times](https://scalatimes.com/)
 4. [Scala Concurrency](https://github.com/slouc/concurrency-in-scala-with-ce)

Spark 
1. [Bief Architecture](https://0x0fff.com/spark-architecture/)

Rest APIs - Design Guidelines
1. [Apigee REST guidelines](https://pages.apigee.com/rs/apigee/images/api-design-ebook-2012-03.pdf)

Non Tech
1. [High Performance Organizations Reading List](https://github.com/pdfernhout/High-Performance-Organizations-Reading-List)

Commit message:

What books are useful for a system design interview?

README.md, after:

### Tech blogs

#### Dristributes System
[If you have few days](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer)

[If you have a couple of weeks to prepare](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/system-design-interview-an-insiders-guide-review/)

If you have plenty of time
	- Designing Data-Intensive Applications 
	-  [Understanding Distributed Systems](https://understandingdistributed.systems/)

[Terms and Concepts by Technically](https://airtable.com/shrGh8BqZbkfkbrfk/tbluZ3ayLHC3CKsDb)

[How To Become a Data Engineer?](https://khashtamov.com/en/how-to-become-a-data-engineer/)

News

 1. [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/news)
 
Startup
  1. [How to find an idea ?](https://www.defmacro.org/2015/02/25/startup-ideas.html)
  2. [Free resources to promote your next startup](https://github.com/trekhleb/promote-your-next-startup)
 
 Developers [Networking](https://www.samjulien.com/shy-dev-networking) guide
 
Interview
1. [Tech Interview Handbook](https://techinterviewhandbook.org/algorithms/algorithms-introduction/)

Programming
1. [Top coder tutorial](https://www.topcoder.com/community/competitive-programming/tutorials/)
2. [Topcoder](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.topcoder.com/challenges&sa=D&source=hangouts&ust=1572751417019000&usg=AFQjCNHlwVNTJVB4j3oj4KgRLBeaOj8n5A)
3. [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/)
4. [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/)
5. [Kattis](https://open.kattis.com/problems)
6. [GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/fundamentals-of-algorithms/)
7. [Online J](https://onlinejudge.org/)



Architecture
1.  [Knuth](https://www-cs-faculty.stanford.edu/~knuth/musings.html)
2. [Facebook Engineering](https://engineering.fb.com/)


Software Documentation
1. [Living Documentation: Continuous Knowledge Sharing by Design](https://www.amazon.com/Living-Documentation-Cyrille-Martraire/dp/0134689321)


Distributed System

 1. [All Things Distributed](https://www.allthingsdistributed.com/)
 2. [High Scalability](http://highscalability.com/)

Data Science 
1. [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/)
2. [KDnuggets™](https://www.kdnuggets.com/)

Scala
																														
 1. [Scala data structure performance](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.scala-lang.org/overviews/collections/performance-characteristics.html&sa=D&source=hangouts&ust=1572751417020000&usg=AFQjCNE2Ae3R8Jlt3ZcrqUeKV5mAGIb70A)
 2. [This week in #Scala](https://medium.com/disney-streaming/this-week-in-scala-oct-28-2019-17b680d52884?source=collection_home---4------0-----------------------)
 3. [Scala Times](https://scalatimes.com/)
 4. [Scala Concurrency](https://github.com/slouc/concurrency-in-scala-with-ce)

Spark 
1. [Bief Architecture](https://0x0fff.com/spark-architecture/)

Rest APIs - Design Guidelines
1. [Apigee REST guidelines](https://pages.apigee.com/rs/apigee/images/api-design-ebook-2012-03.pdf)

Non Tech
1. [High Performance Organizations Reading List](https://github.com/pdfernhout/High-Performance-Organizations-Reading-List)
